<!-- This file is generated by scripts/build_bibliography.py. Do not edit. -->

# Bibliography

1. Feyerabend, Paul. *Materialism and the Mind-Body Problem*. Sep., 1963.
2. Singer, Mark. *All Things Possible*. 2018-05-04.
3. *PDF*.
4. Feyerabend, Paul. *Against method*. Verso, 1993.
5. *PDF*.
6. *PDF*.
7. Feyerabend, Paul. *Realism and the Historicity of Knowledge*. 08/1989.
8. *PDF*.
9. Mitchell, Stephen A. *Can Love Last? The fate of romance over time*. W. W. Norton & Company, 2002.
10. *PDF*.
11. Kripke, Saul A.. *Naming and necessity*. Harvard University Press, 2001.
12. *PDF*.
13. Miller, Binny. *Give Them Back Their Lives: Recognizing Client Narrative in Case Theory*. 12/1994.
14. Russell, Bertrand. *Human Knowledge: It's Scope and Limits*. George Allen and Unwin Ltd, 1948.
15. *2015.461169.Human-Knowledge*.
16. *PDF*.
17. De Caro, Mario, and and Palazzolo, Chiara. *The ethical model of orchestra conducting: a psychological and philosophical perspective*.
18. Strauss, Richard. *Reflections and Recollections*. 1949.
19. *PDF*.
20. *Full Text PDF*.
21. Hayek, F.A.. *The Use of Knowledge in Society*. Sep 1945.
22. *PDF*.
23. Wittgenstein, Ludwig, Pears, David, McGuinness, Brian, and Russell, Bertrand. *Tractatus logico-philosophicus*. Routledge classics, 2001.
24. Wattenberg, Ben. *PBS: Think Tank: Transcript for "Bill James, Beyond Baseball"*. July 28 2005.
25. *PBS: Think Tank: Transcript for "Bill James, Beyond Baseball"*.
26. *PDF*.
27. Parfit, Derek. *Reasons and persons*. Clarendon Press, 1987.
28. *Kripke - 1981 - Naming and necessity.pdf*.
29. Strunk, William, and White, Elwyn B.. *The elements of style*. Longman, 2009.
30. *Strunk and White - 2009 - The elements of style.pdf*.
